events.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Events
permalink: /events/
---
Here you'll find all the information about our events throughout the semester.

&nbsp;


# Weekly Runs

Our weekly runs meet in Combes and take place along the Seine. We run for about 30 minutes, which is just enough time to get down to the west tip of  Île de la Cité if you run a sub 10 minute mile pace. Below you'll find our weekly plan for the current semester, as well as any special events we have happening.

<img src="/assets/view.jpg">

#### **Fall 2018**

Come join our weekly run on the Seine! We meet around 5:00-5:30 pm outside the athletics office on the 3rd floor of Combes, drop our bags, and head out. There are bathrooms on the 3rd floor if you need to change. We'll be back to Combes by 6:30 pm to collect our stuff.

<div style="float:right;">
  <iframe  src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2624.8102715584446!2d2.3038626156733715!3d48.86182820841861!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x47e66fd956d40469%3A0x93e97e03f4632aa7!2s6+Rue+du+Colonel+Combes%2C+75007+Paris!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sfr!4v1542573335769" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

We'll be out there and moving anywhere from 30-45 minutes. Everyone can go their own pace, in groups or solo, the point is to have a good time and a run (or even a walk) that makes you want to run again.

**What to bring:**

* Comfortable shoes/clothing
* Water (optional but recommended)
* Towel (optional)
* Watch and/or running app (optional)
* Headphones (optional)
* Friends (optional but highly recommended!)
* A smile! (required)


*Some things to note:*

There's limited space where we're going to lock up our stuff, so please only bring the essentials.

We'll be doing this every single week, rain or shine. If you can't make it that's totally fine, just know that I'll be there ready to run with anyone who wants to join me (unless otherwise announced).

Commit message:

Got events up on home page

events.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Events
permalink: /events/
---
Here you'll find all the information about our events throughout the semester.

## Upcoming Events

| Date  |  Event | Time  |  Location |  Description |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| December 1st, 2018  | Weekend Run  | 12:00  | [Parc des Buttes-Chaumont](https://goo.gl/maps/j4bVP7742aH2)  | Weekend run in a new location!  |
|   December 9th, 2018| [10k Bois de Vincennes](https://www.topchrono.biz/evenement_4141-Vincennes-Courir-pour-le-plaisir-)   |  9:30| [Bois de Vincennes](https://goo.gl/maps/99BrWxvd5ZA2)  | Sign up to join fellow club members for this 10k race!  |
|  TBD | Spring 2019 Athletics Fair | TBD  | TBD  | Stop by our table at the Spring 2019 orientation athletics fair.  |
|  TBD | Spring 2019 Club Fair  | TBD  | TBD  | Stop by our table at the Spring 2019 clubs fair.  |
|  TBD | Spring 2019 First Meeting  |  TBD | TBD  | Come learn about the club and grab some snacks at our first meeting of the semester (no running at this meeting).  |
|TBD|First Run!|TBD| Meeting in Combes| Come check out the club at our first run of the spring semester!|

&nbsp;


# Weekly Runs

Our weekly runs meet in Combes and take place along the Seine. We run for about 30 minutes, which is just enough time to get down to the west tip of  Île de la Cité if you run a sub 10 minute mile pace. Below you'll find our weekly plan for the current semester, as well as any special events we have happening.

<img src="/assets/view.jpg">

#### **Fall 2018**

Come join our weekly run on the Seine! We meet around 5:00-5:30 pm outside the athletics office on the 3rd floor of Combes, drop our bags, and head out. There are bathrooms on the 3rd floor if you need to change. We'll be back to Combes by 6:30 pm to collect our stuff.

<div style="float:right;">
  <iframe  src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d2624.8102715584446!2d2.3038626156733715!3d48.86182820841861!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x47e66fd956d40469%3A0x93e97e03f4632aa7!2s6+Rue+du+Colonel+Combes%2C+75007+Paris!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sfr!4v1542573335769" width="400" height="300" frameborder="0" style="border:0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

We'll be out there and moving anywhere from 30-45 minutes. Everyone can go their own pace, in groups or solo, the point is to have a good time and a run (or even a walk) that makes you want to run again.

**What to bring:**

* Comfortable shoes/clothing
* Water (optional but recommended)
* Towel (optional)
* Watch and/or running app (optional)
* Headphones (optional)
* Friends (optional but highly recommended!)
* A smile! (required)


*Some things to note:*

There's limited space where we're going to lock up our stuff, so please only bring the essentials.

We'll be doing this every single week, rain or shine. If you can't make it that's totally fine, just know that I'll be there ready to run with anyone who wants to join me (unless otherwise announced).
